Connectionless load stac (#639)
Open-EO/openeo-python-client: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Added `DataCube.load_stac()` to create a datacube without needing an openeo connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `DataCube.load_stac()` to also support creating a `load_stac` based cube without a connection ([#638](https://github.com/Open-EO/openeo-python-client/issues/638))
```
